#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-find-links --no-emit-index-url --no-emit-options nb-requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp-cors
    #   ray
aiohttp-cors==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   ray
aiosqlite==0.19.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blessed==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gpustat
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gymnasium
colorful==0.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   virtualenv
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
farama-notifications==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gymnasium
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
    #   virtualenv
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
fonttools==4.39.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
gast==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
google-api-core==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
google-auth==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.58.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
gpustat==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
grpcio==1.51.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
gymnasium==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rlplg
h5py==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gymnasium
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   matplotlib
ipykernel==6.21.3
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.11.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jax-jumpy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gymnasium
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
jupyter-client==8.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==1.23.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.6
    # via -r nb-requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.20.0
    # via jupyterlab
keras==2.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==16.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
markdown==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r nb-requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclassic==0.5.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.10
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   contourpy
    #   gymnasium
    #   h5py
    #   jax-jumpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   ray
    #   rlplg
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
nvidia-ml-py==11.495.46
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gpustat
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
opencensus==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   ray
    #   tensorflow
pandas==1.5.3
    # via seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   rlplg
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   ray
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gpustat
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py-spy==0.3.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   ray
pyzmq==25.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ray[default]==2.6.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   ray
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rlplg @ git+https://github.com/guidj/rlplg.git@v0.17.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rlplg
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r nb-requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   blessed
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   gpustat
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorflow
smart-open==6.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tensorboard==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
tensorflow==2.13.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
tensorflow-estimator==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gymnasium
    #   pydantic
    #   tensorflow
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ray
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.42.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
y-py==0.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
yarl==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
ypy-websocket==0.8.4
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
